Keyword classifier (#3123)
RasaHQ/rasa: CHANGELOG.rst

-----
- added optional pymongo dependencies ``[tls, srv]`` to ``requirements.txt`` for better mongodb support
- ``case_sensitive`` option added to ``WhiteSpaceTokenizer`` with ``true`` as default.

> - a new ``keyword_intent_classifier``, can be used to classify messages based on keywords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added new ``KeywordIntentClassifier``, can be used to classify messages based on keywords
```

- log level can be set via environment variable ``LOG_LEVEL``
- add ``--store-uncompressed`` to train command to not compress Rasa model
- log level of libraries, such as tensorflow, can be set via environment variable ``LOG_LEVEL_LIBRARIES``

> - a new keyword_intent_classifier, can be used to classify messages based on keywords

Reviewer: let's put class name here in ``

Author: 👍
